Introduction
Better Auth is a framework-agnostic, universal authentication and authorization framework for TypeScript. It provides a comprehensive set of features out of the box and includes a plugin ecosystem that simplifies adding advanced functionalities. Whether you need 2FA, passkey, multi-tenancy, multi-session support, or even enterprise features like SSO, creating your own IDP, it lets you focus on building your application instead of reinventing the wheel.

Features
Better Auth aims to be the most comprehensive auth library. It provides a wide range of features out of the box and allows you to extend it with plugins. Here are some of the features:

Framework Agnostic

Support for most popular frameworks

Email & Password

Built-in support for secure email and password authentication

Account & Session Management

Manage user accounts and sessions with ease

Built-In Rate Limiter

Built-in rate limiter with custom rules

Automatic Database Management

Automatic database management and migrations

Social Sign-on

Multiple social sign-on providers

Organization & Access Control

Manage organizations and access control

Two Factor Authentication

Secure your users with two factor authentication

Plugin Ecosystem

Even more capabilities with plugins

...and much more!

AI tooling
LLMs.txt
Better Auth exposes an LLMs.txt that helps AI models understand how to integrate and interact with your authentication system. See it at https://better-auth.com/llms.txt.

MCP
Better Auth provides an MCP server so you can use it with any AI model that supports the Model Context Protocol (MCP).

Add Better Auth MCP to Cursor
CLI Options
Use the Better Auth CLI to easily add the MCP server to your preferred client:

Cursor
Claude Code
Open Code
Manual
terminal

pnpm @better-auth/cli mcp --cursor
Manual Configuration
Alternatively, you can manually configure the MCP server for each client:

Claude Code
Open Code
Manual
terminal

claude mcp add --transport http better-auth https://mcp.chonkie.ai/better-auth/better-auth-builder/mcp
We provide a first‑party MCP, powered by Chonkie. You can alternatively use context7 and other MCP providers.